whenever you understand something it is
you who have created the idea in your
mind it may feel as though somebody has
poured it into you like like uh wine
into a glass but that is an illusion all
knowledge arises by conjecture and
criticism and what we do when we listen
to somebody speaking we don't uh
download their Theory into our brain if
we did we wouldn't understand it it
would be like learning it in a foreign
language um what we do is conjecture
what it means and then use what that
person is saying as a means of
criticizing and improving our conjecture
and with luck we then find uh a way of
understanding what that person is saying
and with even more luck we find a way of
improving on it